PR for SRVLOGIC-369: Add a new procedure for kn-workflow plugin using the binary download. (#80122)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/serverless-logic-install-kn-workflow-binary-file-macos.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * /serverless/install/serverless-logic-install-kn-workflow-plugin-cli.adoc

:_content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="serverless-logic-install-kn-workflow-binary-file-macos_{context}"]

> = Installing the OpenShift Serverless Logic Knative Workflow plugin for macOS

Reviewer: Same comment as https://github.com/openshift/openshift-docs/pull/80122#discussion_r1708774397

If you are using macOS, you can install the Knative Workflow plugin as a binary file. To do this, you must download and unpack a `tar.gz` archive and add the binary to a directory on your `PATH`.

[IMPORTANT]
====

> On macOS, some systems might block the application from running due to Apple's security policies. To fix this issue, check the *Security & Privacy* section in the *System Preferences* under the *General* tab to approve the application to run. For more information, see the link:https://support.apple.com/en-in/guide/mac-help/mh40616/mac[Open a Mac app from an unidentified developer] Apple support article.

Author: Okay, noted!

====

.Prerequisites

* You have installed the Knative (`kn`) CLI.

.Procedure

. Download the latest `tar.gz` binary file suitable for your environment, from the link:https://mirror.openshift.com/pub/cgw/serverless-logic/latest/[Serverless Logic download mirror] page.

. Extract the selected Knative Workflow plugin binary file by running the following command:
+
[source,terminal]
----
$ tar xvzf <filename>
----

. Rename the Knative Workflow plugin binary file to `kn-workflow` by running the following command:
+
[source,terminal]
----
$ mv kn-workflow-darwin-amd64.exe kn-workflow
----

> . Install the `kn-workflow` command as a plugin of the Knative CLI by running the following commands:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Install the `kn-workflow` command as the Knative CLI plugin. 
```

> .. Make the binary file executable:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. Make the binary file executable by running the following command:
```

+
[source,terminal]
----
$ chmod +x /usr/local/bin/kn-workflow
----

> .. Copy the `kn-workflow` binary file to a directory in your PATH, such as `/usr/local/bin`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. Copy the `kn-workflow` binary file to a directory in the `/usr/local/bin` path by running the following command:
```

+
[source,terminal]
----
$ cp path/to/downloaded/kn-workflow /usr/local/bin/kn-workflow
----

> .Verification
> . Run the following command to verify that the `kn-workflow` plugin is installed successfully:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.Verification

* Run the following command to verify that the `kn-workflow` plugin is installed successfully:
```

https://redhat-documentation.github.io/supplementary-style-guide/#single-step-procedures

= Installing the OpenShift Serverless Logic Knative Workflow plugin for macOS

If you are using macOS, you can install the Knative Workflow plugin as a binary file.

[IMPORTANT]
====
On macOS, some systems might block the application from running due to security policies. To fix this issue, click *System Preferences* -> *Security & Privacy* -> *General* to approve the application to run. For more information, see the link:https://support.apple.com/en-in/guide/mac-help/mh40616/mac[Open a Mac app from an unidentified developer] Apple support article.
====

.Prerequisites

* You have installed the Knative (`kn`) command-line interface (CLI).

.Procedure

. Download the latest `tar` archive suitable for your environment, from the link:https://mirror.openshift.com/pub/cgw/serverless-logic/latest/[Serverless Logic download mirror] page.

. Extract the Knative Workflow plugin binary file by running the following command:
+
[source,terminal]
----
$ tar xvzf <tar_archive>
----

. Rename the extracted Knative Workflow plugin binary file to `kn-workflow` by running the following command:
+
[source,terminal]
----
$ mv <filename> kn-workflow
----

> . Install the `kn-workflow` command as the Knative CLI plugin.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
. Install the `kn-workflow` command as the Knative CLI plugin:
```
